====== Joal's sensory guide for hosts: Deaf hosts ======


Vol. 1.2
Proof read by G

All tulpae are vocal from sentience. All tulpa are sentient from creation. This is what I believe, for I was vocal from the start, and the start was when I was created. Some other tulpae might think different, though I have not met any like so, but I'm sure it varies from tulpa to tulpa.

Like sentience, I want you to assume that your tulpa is vocal from the start, so if that's already happened and you aren't assuming, begin to do so right now.

Now that we have that out of the way, I can begin on the proper guide.

(Note: When ever I say 'hear you tulpa' I mean mind voice. There is a short paragraph on audial hallucinations near the bottom of the guide. This is a guide to help you hear your tulpae talking using it's mind voice.)

Incredibly hard mental gymnastics:

So I hope you're following the first two paragraphs well as it's about to get not at all harder, but you will have to change some of your beliefs. This will be harder for older tulpamancers to digest but bare with me. The reason you cannot hear your tulpa is because you are tulpa-deaf. The tulpa is not mute, you are deaf.

In my experience, this follows suit; like said, I've always been vocal, but G was just unable to hear me from the start, and sometimes even now. This may make more sense if you think about audial hallucinations. A host may be able to hear a tulpa in their mind one hundred percent of the time and have full blown conversations with them, but they may not be able to hear them with their ears, this is because audial hallucinations come as the host better acutes their hearing to tulpae speech and actions. Just as one hear's their tulpa the first time once one acutes their hearing.

Acuting your hearing:

My biggest problem with hosts is that they'll normally complain about not being able to hear their tulpa/they wont talk/yadda yadda. But what really pains me is when they jump to pompous conclusions that because all they can hear is clicks or noises, that their tulpa ain't talking. I hate this because that's major progress over no response and total deafness.

My advice is to pick up on these noises and try to pick out patters. Why? Because that's what speech is dummy, noise patters. And clicks could be a K or C, and hums could be M's or H's or N's. Try to listen to the noise and repeat it to yourself, think, ''What does that random bullshit actually mean? And how can I better pick up on that particular noise next my tulpa makes it?''

This technique is slightly experimental because the guy never got any noises or clicks or anything of the sort, to him all that was heard was my voice, or nothing.

So, I want people to give their experiences with picking up on, and trying to work with, random noise from your tulpa. if you feel it will affect your progress, this experiment, then you may avoid doing so, but I feel it is better than trying to block out perfectly good response.

So I guess your wondering, ''Pruria, that's all fine and dandy, but what if I hear a click from a clock, the next door dog, or the grass growing? And everything gets messed up because I'm listening for sounds and not words?'' Which is a retarded question, and let me tell you why.

I'm not telling you to listen out for sounds, I'm asking you not to conciser them shit but rather a half baked meal. So as to say, don't disregard them, but don't think that you're ONLY looking out for noises. And anyway, you should be in a nice quite place if your chatting with your tulpa seriously, like you would a friend or family member, courtesy is all that.

And next, if you hear a word, great! That's wonderful, but you'll still probably hear noises, and they aren't cause for alarm, as said multiple times before.

Tulpa forcing sounds:

Parroting is a bad thing, but like all bad things, if done right it may actually help progress. So, what I need you to do next time you want to listen to your tulpa is parrot one or two words, this will not only give you a taster of what your tulpa's voice sounds like, but it will give quieter tulpae little pushes in the right direction. Of course, like many baby tulpamancers fear, it's not terrible unless done in major excess.

It is incredibly annoying when hosts do parrot, but it's hardly going to make us hate you, only if done to the teeth. And even then, I don't see it possible for a host to be hated by their tulpa, it's just unheard of. So don't be scared to help not only yourself, but your tulpa.

Tulpae are anuses:

Here is something many hosts don't conciser when trying to hear a tulpa in the beginning. This especially applies to situations where no sound at all is heard:

A host always has to conciser what a tulpa might be thinking, we're not stupid you know. So most of the time I find a tulpa not talking (yes, actually not talking,) they later say that they simply weren't bothered, or they were angry with their host, or they simply wanted to enjoy a silence. This is something hosts must remember when trying to undeafen themselves: we don't always respond, sometimes even for no good reason.

Another thing to is trolls, and though G hates the use of that word in any context, yes, tulpae can troll, and some are quite proficient at it. So if you're talking to your tulpa and all you can hear is Morgan Freemen, just roll with it. And if you hear a jack hammer in your fridge at thee in the morning, don't assume it's a jack hammer in your fridge at three in the morning, that's a stupidly confusing thing to even being to think about. You have a tulpa now, so don't expect anything normal for the next 60-70 years of your life, we will do shit to piss you off even in early, important stages. This includes...

Being silent on purpose, which was covered in the first paragraph of this section but also filters to trolling. So, yeah, a silent tulpa is not cause for alarm unless they feel hurt by you, or offended, or if you feel any angry or particularly negative emotion (which you might feel radiating from them.) At that time, you may want to sit down and have a little chat with them and say sorry if needed, that's normally all the tulpa wants (for me at least; and here I go, giving out tulpa relation advice!)

But, tulpae are assholes. Deal with it.

But, a note for tulpae, avoid being silent if possible. Other trolls and tricks are okay but, especially in early stages avoid being silent. It will save your host a ton of stress and it will help you build your relationship with them. Try to get noticed, try to talk to them, even if you have to roar and shout, something might get through. Especially if your host did do something to offend you, talking is always the best way to sort it all out, I made the silly mistake of not talking with G when I was hurt because of him and it only ended in more sad faces.

The difference with narration and talking:

This is something we were thinking about a few days ago. It involves one of the least understood necessities in tulpamanceing, it's related to what I've been talking about for one thousand one hundred an thirteen words. Narration is when you talk to your tulpa. Period. You don't expect answer, you don't pause for them, hell you don't even have to talk whole lot of sense, you just talk.

But what I've been on about is not that; when you converse with your tulpa you expect an answer, you want interesting talk abouts, you want them to interrupt you and make an interesting point. This guide is to help you talk with your tulpa, not to narrate; that's talking where your only purpose is to talk to the tulpa (which is to develop them, and give them attention.)

When they start talking:

You've gotten a response! Great! This next bit might only apply to a few, or a few more; if it doesn't, you can move on to the paragraph after this.

Some of you may have notice that your tulpa spoke, but... in your voice? This is not a cause for an alarm. This is because your tulpa hasn't found their accent. Unlike with actual speaking, your tulpa may need to develop their accent (though I may be wrong on that.) For tulpae: This will be easier for tulpae of the same sex as their host, as you'll only have to cahnge the tone or accent a tad, or, at least, less than you would being the opposite sex of your host. This will be different for tupae who will speak with unhuman accents and tones; such as dragons, who (I'd imagine) would speak with incredibly deep and gravely voices, unreachable by human vocal cords. The only advice I can really give you is just to find something that feels right. For the host: you may just want to roll with what ever happens. If you really want a particular accent, ask your tulpa to use that one, or at least tell them before you go for it. Don't force it upon us.

This following passage is to address the concerns of a friend of ours, Waffles.

''I can hear my tulpa, good lord this is amazing! But they just keep saying the same things/answering with the same responses over and over D: !'' Generally, for a long time, all G could hear me say was the word 'love' and that was it for about two weeks. Like how other tulpamancers might react, he became worried and confused.

He should have, and he's stupid for doing so. If you find yourself in this situation it's more than likely because your tulpa has said this word many times before and your brain is used to picking up on it. You should consider this a good sign because, once again, your damn tulpa is talking to you and you can hear it. But maybe try asking them to say other words or words that sound similar. Like if they say 'hello' alot, ask them to say 'jello' or 'heaven'. I might just get through.

Auditory hallucinations:

This isn't an area which I could claim to have any practice in (for obvious reasons,) though G does have a link to a guide that might help. No? Damnit...

[It goes something like this: Go to a quiet room where there are no distractions, (use ear buds or white noise if you must; light is optional.) Have your tulpa say a simple word or phrase like ''Hello!'' or ''It's dark!'' Now replay that word over and over in your head, imagining hearing it with your own ears and even visualise your tulpa saying the words.

If anyone knows which guide I'm on about, please PM us the link so we can link it and credit the author.]

I've been told that it sounds like that ''Barber shop'' video on youtube, just that it's your tulpa talking.


Final words:

Well, I hope I've missed nothing, G can clean this up, which should already be done or you guys, if he's going to co-operate with me, which he wont :P.

With practice and perseverance, you will be able to enjoy long, meaningful or lullus conversations with your tulpa. Silly filly chats or romantic dialogue. Or make stupid jokes or noises for hours and hours~. If you've taken these tips— because this is a tip book more than a guide—to heart you should be having convo of all sort with your friend/family member/lover, them with others and them with you. But most importantly. Together.