Imposition is something that is wanted by most tulpamancers but something that few have fully accomplished. This guide is a combined guide with the one Lumi showed me with my own techniques; creating what is written in this. Currently i can see distorted colors and or shapes or black and white detailed shapes, so its still not perfect but thats why i post this, so it can be talked about and improved so that imposition can be easier for tulpamancers.
Guide is here found by Lumi and spread to the IRC I take no credit in finding it or the techniques in it and i would highly recommend reading it as well, as it will help, your comprehending what to do in this guide. I have added things that i found fairly useful and things that specifically apply to tulpas. It is formatted similarly to the Advanced vision tutorial as their structure is good and it does it as well as i can figure out to do.

This guide is also made to make a more solid imposition doable because the daydreaming method and the hypnosis method are effective but not maintainable because you cant easily do them while walking or doing anything else besides forcing~ 

Intro: Assuming you know what imposition is, you can skip this, but if you dont it is seeing your tulpa in the real world like they really exist where you see them, and you can impose other senses besides sight but i would recommend Q2s Guide for a Huggable Tulpa for the other 4 senses.

The guide to imposition and hallucinating

An introduction from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Closed-eye_hallucination
Quote:
Levels of CEV perception

There are five known levels of CEV perception which can be achieved either through chemical stimuli or through meditative relaxation techniques. Level 1 and 2 are very common, and often happen every day. It is still normal to experience level 3, and even level 4, but only a small percentage of the population do this without psychedelic drugs, meditation or extensive visualization training.
Level 1: Visual noise

CEV noise simulation
The most basic form of CEV perception that can be immediately experienced in normal waking consciousness involves a seemingly random noise of pointillistic light/dark regions with no apparent shape or order.
This can be seen when the eyes are closed and looking at the back of the eyelids. In a bright room, a dark red can be seen, owing to a small amount of light penetrating the eyelids and taking on the color of the blood within them. In a dark room, blackness can be seen or the object can be more colourful. But in either case it is not a flat unchanging redness/blackness. Instead, if actively observed for a few minutes, one becomes aware of an apparent disorganized motion, a random field of lightness/darkness that overlays the redness/blackness of your closed eyelids.
For a person who tries to actively observe this closed-eye perception on a regular basis, there comes a point where if he or she looks at a flat-shaded object with his or her eyes wide open, and tries to actively look for this visual noise, he or she will become aware of it and see the random pointillistic disorganized motion as if it were a translucent overlay on top of what is actually being seen by his or her open eyes.
When seen overlaid onto the physical world, this CEV noise does not obscure physical vision at all, and in fact is hard to notice if the visual field is highly patterned, complex, or in motion. When active observation is stopped, it is not obvious or noticeable, and seemingly disappears from normal physical perception. Individuals suffering from visual snow see similar noise but experience difficulty blocking it from conscious perception.
The noise probably originates from thermal noise exciting the photoreceptor cells in the retina; compare Eigengrau.


Level 2: Light/dark flashes
Some mental control can be exerted over these closed-eye visualizations, but it usually requires a bit of relaxation and concentration to achieve. When properly relaxed it is possible to cause regions of intense black, bright white or even colors such as yellow, green, or pink to appear in the noise. These regions can span the entire visual field, but seem to be fleeting in nature.


Level 3: Patterns, motion, and color

CEV pattern simulation. Note that this can be quite different from real life experience
This level is relatively easily accessible to people who use LSD, and appears to be what most people refer to as colourful visuals. However, it is also accessible to people involved in deep concentration for long periods of time. When lying down at night and closing the eyes, right before sleep the complex motion of these patterns can become directly visible without any great effort thanks to hypnagogic hallucination. The patterns themselves might resemble fractals.


Level 4: Objects and things
This is a fairly deep state. At this level, thoughts visually manifest as objects or environments. When this level is reached, the CEV noise seems to calm down and fade away, leaving behind an intense flat ordered blackness. The visual field becomes a sort of active space. A side component of this is the ability to feel motion when the eyes are closed.[citation needed]
Some paranormal researchers believe that remote places can be viewed in this state and have named it remote viewing.
Opening the eyes returns one to the normal physical world, but still with the CEV object field overlaid onto it and present. In this state it is possible to see things that appear to be physical objects in the open-eye physical world, but that aren't really there.

While not exactly what this guide does it does provide an idea of the step by step process used in these guides including the one linked above

Anchoring may be useful for this and other methods but i will just mention it here, the idea is to store a state of mind or your emotions in an action of sorts, for example if i touch my index finger(s) and thumb or make a certain hand sign or whatever you like whenever im happy, over time you can do the same motion to summon the state of mind or emotion. It wont be dramatically affecting your progress nor sudden or fast to affect your state of mind and emotional feeling, but over time it can help because it serves as a light save and load option for longer term practicing. It can be applied to imposition as whenever you practice imposition, you can anchor the feeling of imposing and the state of mind that you are using to reuse later when you want.

Step 1: Optional Meditating and Relaxing.
Its not needed but it has been said that it helps.

Sit quietly and comfortably.
Close your eyes.
Start by relaxing the muscles of your feet and work up your body relaxing muscles (a technique like Progressive Muscular Relaxation can be useful for this).
Focus your attention on your breathing.
Breathe in deeply and then let your breath out. Count your breaths, and say the number of the breath as you let it out (this gives you something to do with your mind, helping you to avoid distraction).
http://www.mindtools.com/stress/Relaxati...tation.htm

Step 2 Closed Eyed Hallucinations
Why closed eyed? Why not just impose into your sight normally? Isnt it more indirect? Its easier to impose into something where you dont see the actual light because you already are depriving yourself of your actual sight. Something to remember is not to focus as much as what you really see which is black and to focus on the pixels mentioned in the Advanced Vision Control Guide. An analogy of how when youre thinking in a quiet room you dont think about your clock ticking so it wont register at all until you realize youre not thinking about it and you think about it because of this there by hearing it. If you can get into that state where you are only focused on your tulpa and not your surroundings do it, however that requires a guide worth of explanation by itself to explain in decent detail so i wont bother.

Either way turn off your lights and close your eyes. It is better to impose other things first before you impose your tulpa because their shapes are simply easier. For me i try to impose swords from Fate/Stay Night but you can impose whatever if you want to practice even your tulpa. When you see the particles mentioned in the Advanced Vision Control Guide focus on those, keep them in your field of vision and focus on more and more of them. When you turn off your lights and let your eyes adjust from the light to the dark you should see the particles naturally, or distortions in your view which is basically the same thing except its shape is nicer and more organized. Try to gather a group of particle things in your view and then try to move them with your will, it actually works like that, imagine them move and they will somewhat move, not perfectly at all, but to some extent you should be able to control it, even a little, and over time you might be able to get better at controlling it.

For us the particles which are bends now are often white so when i impose mine i will often see a black and white version of what i wanted. Colors can be applied later or if you want try to change the color of the bends into basic colors and then after you can see the form add shading or just skip it and do it with colors first off.
Then you can try to do open eyed.

Step 3: Open Eyed Distortions
This is extremely hard to do successfully which i can say confidently because we havnt gotten this step down well yet. We can see Open eyed hallucinations that are random but controlling them is hard for most or all tulpamancers including me. This should not be confused with floaters which look like theyre distortions. They are not, and should be avoided if possible, as i believe it means your eyes are either strained or below average in clarity, for example using glasses. I am not sure if that is accurate, but they are not part of the imposition of your tulpa

If your lights, in any room is adjustable and can dim and lighten up slowly use it for this by starting with almost no light and increasing your light slowly after you get distortions at the level of light you have used last. The colors will still be unstable and will likely fade after seconds or fractions of one second for a lot of people which is normal. Remember that what you see if you are imposing your tulpa should be controlled by them so practice with servitors or stationary things so you can parrotmove them without causing any harm to your tulpa. After you get the distortions, let your tulpa control them by himself or herself as they would normally move when you imagine them with you- and eventually it may eventually become more natural to you guys.~

written by Test








Advanced Vision Control

I wasn't sure exactly where to put this so if it needs to be moved feel free to move it to where it needs to go. The goal of this tutorial is to enhance the amount of control a lucid dreamer has over his/her senses both while dreaming and also while awake.

Ok I would like to start by saying that almost everything I have learned about controlling my senses has been learned from personal experimenting on my own. Because of this I do not have near as many terms for things as I will after being on this site for a while but I will do my best to explain things in a way that can be understood.

This technique when mastered allows you to have complete control over all of your senses while either dreaming or awake. I believe that practicing this technique while awake will carry over and allow you better control while dreaming if you are already able to become lucid. This technique is my own personal way of manipulating my senses that has been slowly developed over a period of around 15 years. I will include information on all of the senses at some point but for now I will focus on sight because after getting good at controlling what you see the rest should fall into place fairly easily.

The Technique
The technique is simple enough. Basically what you are doing is directly overiding the images your brain sees. This is easiest to do while dreaming because your eyes are not picking up any light. While awake the less your real eyes see the easier it is to cause yourself to see whatever you want to see. With a bit of practice you can easily trick your brain into seeing something that is not there. I am also not talking about mere visualization which allows you to see images within your minds eye but instead any images you create should be seen as if they were actually there. One thing I would like to warn you about is after you are able to consciously exert control over your senses you may have issues with your subconscious creating things on its own. At a certain point these subconscious hallucinations could end up being a very bad thing. Ever heard of schizophrenia? Most likely the worst won't happen just be aware that if you practice this method of control it may open a door for your subconscious mind to create objects or entities that while real to you may not actually exist.


While Awake

Step One - See The Canvas
When you first start practicing I suggest trying either in a dark room with your eyes closed or wearing a blindfold. Make sure that your eyes are not picking up a lot of light. What do you see? Really pay hard attention to what you see. You should see very small dots that may look something like static or small pixels on a computer screen. Do you see any colors or movement? I see these all the time. The few people I have taught this technique to reported not noticing anything at first but then upon further inspection they were all able to see what I am talking about. My theory is that anyone can see this but most people will automatically tone it out and not notice it.

If you can't see anything then try closing your eyes, placing your palms against your eyelids and exert a small amount of pressure. You should see a lot of movement and colors even though your eyes are shut and there is no light to pick up. Try to recreate the same effect without exerting pressure on your eyes. You should probably try doing this at least one time but do not do it regularly. Your goal is to reproduce the strange visuals you get from putting a small amount of force on your eyes but without having to touch your eyes. After you get this down I would not suggest putting too much or for too long the pressure against the eyes because that may be bad for your eyes. You just need to learn to create the same things that caused you to see by using your mind.

Step Two - Paint With Your Mind
After you have managed to see the static each of these small particles can each be manipulated by your mind. This is the first and hardest step to using this form of sight manipulation. It is also the hardest to explain. It's similar to training a muscle that you have never really controlled before. Try turning them into a certain color or bringing them together to form simple shapes. You may not have much luck at first but if you keep trying you should get better.

You can use visualization to help but the object here is not to merely see an image in your mind. If done correctly with little to no light interfering you should be actually seeing an image. Try looking at an image on your computer screen. Stare at it for about 10 seconds then quickly close your eyes and observe what you see. You should be able to see the image for a while before it gradually fades away. If my technique is done correctly then you should be able to form images completely on your own that should look similar to what you just saw with the picture. At first the images you produce may be very hard to create and may be a bit blurry but you will become better as you practice. To use visualization as an aid, first picture any image in your mind and hold it there. This image can be used as a blueprint to fill in the actual image you want to create. Try to create those particle things I talked about and then color and shape them to match the image. If you are getting better at this then by holding the blueprint in your mind you should be able to fill it in easily by just allowing the pixels to kind of get sucked into the image making it solid.

If you are having trouble getting it do what you want keep this in mind. Telling yourself you know a group of particles are blue and in the shape of a circle won't work. You need to find out how to directly manipulate them. You have to manipulate them simply by doing it. It's like lifting your arm. You don't look at your arm and ask it to move.. you just move it without thinking too much into it. My technique should be done about the same way.

After you get the basics down try forming more complex images. Try forming images that move. Just experiment with it and try to give the images overall better quality.

Step Three - Expanding Your Canvas
If you think you have the skill down pretty well and you can create more complex images without light interfering then start trying to do the same exercises but gradually add in more light. Start off in a dimly lit room with your eyes open. When you paint an image into the air that you can see, you should also be able to see the dimly lit room at the same time. While you see both at the same time you can work on the ability to focus on only one imput.. Your imput. Solidify the image in your mind until you can only barely see the room you are in. Then slowly bring the real world imput back up until you can see the room again. Doing this regularly will increase your control.


While Dreaming
After you get better at your control while awake you can try bringing it into your lucid dreams. While in a dream using this method you can fairly easily control everything that you sense. While your eyes are open you can modify whatever you are currently seeing just by using the technique described above kind of like when Neo from the matrix started getting good at his powers. I'm talking about things like the scene where he was jumping into people and making walls bend and such.

For another way to apply this to a dream you can swiftly change anything in the environment or even everything in the environment merely by closing your eyes, creating a blueprint in your mind, and then solidifying the image using the technique. Open your eyes to find yourself looking at whatever changes you wanted to make. With some practice you should be able to do this instantly. The only thing that should take some time is deciding what exactly you want to do. For me I usually skip the eye closing part I just constantly manipulate all of my senses to have the dream I want. I still use a blueprint on occasion though when it comes to creating more advanced objects. Like maybe I will practice splitting my focus and create as many chess boards as I can floating in the air. I would also create enough people to have as opponents and I will give them each a slightly different play style.

After the game starts keeping up with where all of the pieces are can really start to hurt your brain but the more you push yourself the better you will get. The craziest I got with that exercise while managing to not forget positioning of the pieces at all was when I played against 30 opponents at the same time. To get to where you can do that all you have to do is start low maybe play against a single opponent for a while and then add just 1 opponent. When you get to where you can handle the current number of opponents add another opponent and just keep repeating.


Ending Notes
I have much more advanced techniques I can get into including info on the other senses but for now this is the basics of this advanced vision control tutorial and should be all you need to get started as well as all you need to start expanding your mental abilities. The exercises should help get you to where you will be able to handle a second much more advanced tutorial. Feel free to ask any questions and I will attempt to answer them as best as I can. Any comments are also welcome.
For questions and comments ect either just reply to this thread or send me a pm. I have my email on my phone so anytime someone posts on one of my threads it gets emailed to me and sent to my phone so I can probably get to your questions soon even if I'm not online.

I hope that the information I will be giving on this site will be useful to someone.

-Written By
-Mylynes
