====== Советы по вокализации ======

Да и всё вообще надо ещё немного подразгрести.
Не хватает 3х гайдов из Дисапрувд. 
==== Переведено: нет ====
[[https://community.tulpa.info/thread-sentience-coaxing-tulpae-into-talking|Ссылка на гайд]]
I notice no one talks much about this while having a problem about it. Usually people complain about their non-vocal sentient tulpa just hardly managing to talk if at all but don't know what to do.

So, if your tulpa is trying to talk, or can't really do it, I found a helpful method for getting them to a point where they can start figuring out how to talk.

First, if your tulpa has ever talked, even just once, figure out what their "mindvoice" sounded like. Now, get your tulpa in your wonderland, and tell them what you're going to do. You're going to use their mindvoice to say a sentence, and then the tulpa can either try to say it with you at the same time, or you can say one half and they say the other. It should be a simple sentence such as "the rain in spain stays mainly on the plain". Make sure to tell them what sentence you're going to practice on of course.

If they don't have a mindvoice, you can either wait until they try to talk or just use whatever voice you want them to use, I imagine they would pick it up anyway.

I did this after my tulpa was just barely able to get a single word out, and in just one night we got to a point where she could make whole sentences. While she wasn't too good at talking, we got to a point where it was up to her to practice, so I didn't need to work on it anymore. 

==== Переведено: нет ====
[[https://community.tulpa.info/thread-sentience-vocalization-quantum-s-nametag-method|Ссылка на гайд]]
There aren't many guides on the forums about making the initial connection with your tulpa. This can be a time of great stress for many, and it seems odd to me that there aren't more guides out there.

I'm really bad at forcing. Both with keeping a schedule, and with staying focused. So I went about 3 months without much serious progress with communication. Then I thought of this, and told Eris to try it.

It worked literally overnight.

It works this way: I never think of myself by name. Ever. It doesnt happen. But I usually address Eris by name when I talk to her. I'll think "Hey Eris, blablabla" or "Eris, look at th-blabla."

I told her, quite simply, to address me by name when trying to tell me something. I have a pretty serious case of ADD, so I constantly have a barrage of thoughts running through my head. It wouldn't be difficult for her thoughts to simply get lost or drowned out in the mix.

But if she tags a thought with my name, it would stick out to me.

The very next day, I was derping around in Art class, starting a new bit of work without enough time left in class to really get far on it.

Somewhere in the whirlwind of my mind, something thought, "Noah, we don't have time to start this now." It was most definetely her.

This is my method for helping start initial communication. After she said that, I sort of 'traced' where the thought came from, and currently we are working on strengthening the whole system.

I hope this helps anyone who has the same problem I did. 
==== Переведено: нет ====
[[https://community.tulpa.info/thread-sentience-schlondark-s-psychic-tulpa-voice-guide|Ссылка на гайд]]
Now for the actual Guide-Part of the Guide:
1. Relax, Take a few deep breaths, and clear your mind as much as possible.
2. Let go of any fears and/or preconceptions you may have about your tulpa, and open your mind as much as possible. Be prepared to accept your tulpa for whoever it is, whether or not it has turned out exactly as you intended (It has probably deviated at least a bit – Not a bad thing.)
3. Position your Tulpa somewhere around you inside your 3d-map of the room you are in. Do this as though you were going to impose your tulpa, but don’t expect to see anything. At this point, it might be a good Idea to explain to your tulpa what you are going to try to do and to encourage them to speak up.
4. Feel your presence inside your head and identify it as “you.” Take a minute or two on this; It’ll help differentiate you further from your tulpa.
5. Move this presence that you have Identified as yourself towards the tulpa (or as close to it as you can imagine – you shouldn’t physically feel leaving your body – something around the lines of imagining yourself walking through the room behind you; that kind of visualization is fine.) Whilst doing this, prepare and intend to accept any response that you may receive as being your tulpa.
6. Somewhere along this miniature mental journey, you should, if successful, hear a strange noise much like I did. This is a thought/vocalization of your tulpa and will eventually evolve into a voice that your tulpa can communicate with you in. 
==== Переведено: нет ====
[[https://community.tulpa.info/thread-general-simple-trick-which-helped-me-at-least-with-tulpa-s-voice|ссылка на гайд]]
do not visit the forums often, so this may have already been mentioned.

When I first started, I had a lot of difficulty with Milana's voice. I found it very hard to imagine what she would sound like, and it often turned out robot-y and unnatural.

I found it easy to play songs in my head, though. So I used this and attempted to imagine her voice rather than the singer's. I did not find it all that boring, which helped a lot since I get bored pretty easily and then lose focus.

I started with a slow song at first, namely For What It's Worth by Buffalo Springfield (great song by the way Big Grin) and then moved onto faster songs.

This thing is probably difficult to read since I am no good at explanations, but you'll probably get the gist of it hopefully.
==== Переведено: нет ====
[[https://community.tulpa.info/thread-sentience-tutorial-the-voice|Внешняя ссылка]]
I keep reading, especially on the IRC that certain users have had trouble getting their tulpa's voice to sound different from their own. So far its just a wait and see kind of event. Hoping and praying that the voice will start to sound different. I did not do this.

I am going to tell you something that every other guide has told you not to do, ever. That if you were to do what I say then some unholy god/admin from the mighty tulpa overwatchers will smite you. This is not true.
I am going to tell you to parrot. That's right you are going to move your tulpa's lips like a puppet.

This is not a requirement but I suggest that you fully visualize you'r tulpa before you begin Voxxing. (That is the word for Forcing a voice) If you can fully visualize and render your tulpa before you begin voxxing it will be much easier as you can get down the lip and jaw movements.

In your head you will need to sound out some phrases and stories. It doesnt matter what it is as long as you can remember it and repeat it over and over again. Go ahead and say this phrase to your tulpa and have him/her repeat it. Here is the tricky part. Imagine the voice you want your tulpa to possess. It will sound weak and hazy, not very strong like the voice you already have in your head. This is ok. Keep doing this and continue to focus on the voice.

This is the longest step of this process is that which seems like no progress is being made. It took me personally six hours for the process to begin to work. The voice will start to sound more clear and profound. Now you might think it may be easy to mix up signs of sentience with this. Its not. When your tulpa becomes sentient his/her voice will be able to talk over yours. Like a friend talking to you. It is very distinct and the only way you can not notice it is if you are completely doped up. Even then Its hard. I know.

After you are able to get this voice solid and firm enough you can continue onto narration, or personality if your a stiff.. Have your tulpa repeat what you say every so often to keep the voice in your head. I did this and I was able to skip all of the horrible hassle of trying to deviate my tulpas voice from my own. Also her voice may deviate from the original, my tulpa has.

ENJOY 
==== Переведено: нет ====
[[https://community.tulpa.info/thread-misc-tips-for-hearing-your-tulpa|Внешняя ссылка]]

I have some tips for those who have trouble hearing their tulpa (besides “force more”):

    Get into a good state of mind for it. You can meditate if you want, or you can just sit or lie somewhere comfortable, close your eyes, and make sure you’re in a quiet place (if this isn’t an option, then put on headphones and listen to colored noise or instrumental music; both of these things will help block out the noise and shouldn’t be too distracting to most people). I’ve had some of my best, most vivid forcing sessions in this state because it makes it easier to focus and makes me more perceptive to my imagination. Ideally, you should do this when you aren’t tired to avoid the risk of falling asleep. This post may also be helpful.
    Thought ping-pong.
    Just listen and let them talk. Prompt them with a topic to talk about, and just let them talk. You might be surprised how much they have to say when given the opportunity.
    Proxy. I’ve been surprised more than once by how clearly I can hear a tulpa I can’t normally hear well when I proxy for them. If you’re proxying to encourage them to speak and to learn to hear them better, don’t say anything, just let them do all the talking. I don’t know why it is that sometimes I’ve been able to hear my tulpae more clearly while proxying, but it does work. If your tulpa is shy about speaking to others, then tie this suggestion in with the last one - ask them to talk about something and transcribe it.
    Make up a story together, taking turns saying one sentence at a time. If neither of you can think of a way to start it off, search online for story starters.
    Play word games. I’m not going to explain any here because this post is basically a wall of text, but I’ll explain how to play a few word games in a reply to this (here) in case anyone here doesn’t know any.
    Sing together! (credit to ThatFellowWithTheScarf for suggesting this)


I also have some advice for related problems people may have.

"Sometimes, I think I hear my tulpa talk, but then I think it’s just me!"

    First of all, are you worried that you’re parroting or that the tulpa’s words in question are just intrusive thoughts? If you think you might be parroting, read this. If you’re afraid what you’re hearing is just intrusive thoughts, then ask your tulpa if it was something they said or not. If they tell you that, yes, they said that, then trust them.
    Alternatively, read this.


"My tulpa isn’t vocal yet; everything they say is just me parroting!"

    Are you consciously parroting, or is it unintentional? If you think you’re parroting unintentionally, you aren’t, since parroting is something that is only done intentionally. You can't "unintentionally parrot"; any "unintentionally parroted" responses are either intrusive thoughts or legitimate responses that you mistake for parroting. See the previous piece of advice.


"I get too many intrusive thoughts, and it makes it hard to hear my tulpa!"/"It often sounds like my tulpa is saying multiple things at once, and I don’t know which responses are really theirs!"

    Just relax. Don’t stress out over it. If intrusive thoughts are interfering too much with communication that hearing your tulpa is difficult, then just take a moment to clear your mind and relax. I sometimes get so many intrusive thoughts that holding a conversation with my tulpae becomes nearly impossible, and, nearly every time that happens, taking a moment to clear my mind significantly reduces the amount of intrusive thoughts I’m getting, making conversation much easier or at least manageable.


"I never know what to talk about with my tulpa!"

    Talk about things that happened throughout the day.
    Ask your tulpa if they have any ideas of what to talk about. They might have something they’d like to talk about.
    Choose an activity to do together - playing a game, watching TV, doing crafts, surfing the internet, anything - and talk about what you’re doing as you’re doing it.
    Look online for conversation starters or interview questions and ask these to your tulpa (they can ask you some as well and comment on your answers).
    The story-writing game and word games I mentioned earlier are also helpful here.
    Proxying is also useful advice for this. If you’re having trouble finding things to say while talking to your tulpa, then let them talk with someone who does have more to say.
    Singing together is helpful here, as well, since you just need to follow along with the lyrics rather than thinking of things to talk about.


(As this is a collection of various tips rather than a proper guide, I'd like to submit this to Tips & Tricks.)

==== Переведено: нет ====
[[https://community.tulpa.info/thread-narration-really-simple-trick-for-better-hearing-your-tulpa|Ссылка на источник]]
Really simple Trick for better hearing your Tulpa

Hey, guys.

Sooo, yeah, this is obviously just a little "trick", not even really that.
But it's really helpful.
This is obviously just useful for communicating with your tupper in actual words, not ideas or feelings or so.

Basically - when you think, even though there's nothing to hear with your actual ears, you still sort of "hear" your thoughts, so to speak.
Basic stuff, everyone knows that.

And you can make it seem to yourself as if you hear your thoughts "off-center".
Hard to describe, but just try and think some random sentences to yourself and try to make your mindvoice "move around" in your head.
From what I've seen on the forums, in most cases, this (outside tulpamancy and things like it very pointless) phenomenon seems to be what people refer to when they describe "where" their tulpa's mindvoice comes from.

If you have no idea what I'm talking about...
... well, for example, try imagining the sounds of multiple explosions all around you.
It's just thoughts, but it still seems as if the imagined sounds come from different directions around you, right?
That's the thing I'm referring to here; you can do the exact same thing with your verbal thoughts too, of course.

So if you have trouble hearing your tulpa, then just think "somewhere else" in your headspace than your tulpa.

In our case:
Esterina's mindvoice is in the back, so I just have mine be in the front.
Makes it easier to avoid confusing something she said to me with me just having a random thought, and also helps in avoiding drowning each other out in a conversation.

That's all, really.


Greets,
AG 